OK welcome back.
So hopefully you are able to complete those free questions so we're able to make an attempt.
The three questions in this video we're going to go through the solution to each one.
So the first question was to select the film ID and start time from the screenings table for the date
of 25th of October 2017.
So to do that we need to select fill my day and start times to fill my day and the start time column
from screenings.
So from the screenings table and then on the next line we can type where date start time.
So we're using the Date function on the start time column is equal to the 25th of October 2017.
So 2017 10 20 and then send me a single quote and with a semi-colon and we can run this query
and you can see it's return the film ID and the start time for all the screenings on 25 October 2017.
Now the second question was asking us to select all the data from the screenings table for the sought
time between the 6th and 13th of October 2017.
So to select all the data we need to select store from screenings and then we need a WHERE clause and
we need a between statement.
So wet day start time is between 2017.
So we won the sixth and the 13th.
So 2017 10 6 and 2017 10 13 and with a semi-colon.
And if we run this you can see as we're turned off the road all the columns with a start time from the
6th of October all the way to the 13th so we have to keep going down.
And you can see we have the 13th of October here and then the final challenge was to select all the
dates from the screenings table for October 2017.
Now we only have data in our screenings table for October 2017.
So to answer this question we could have just type select star from screenings and just run that query
and it would have returned all the data for October 2017.
But I asked you to pretend that we had multiple years of data.
So we're actually going to need to wear clothes and we're going to need to say where the month or the
start time is we can talk Toboso is equal to 10.
And we're also going to say whether a year of start dates is equal to two thousand and 17.
So if we had data from 2016 2015 from April May then we can only extract the data from October 2017
by saying where the months start time is equal to 10 and the years start time is equal to 2017.
So I actually need to change that to start time start dates and then run that query and it returns all
the data for October 2017.
Okay so that's the solutions for the three questions.
If you got a different solution then please post it in the Q&A section or if you have any questions
about this exercise then please post it in a Q&A section and I'll get back to you as soon as I can.